Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh Arc‐V."
(Skip)
I knew you kids were talented,
but who'd have guessed
you'd all qualify
for the
ARC League Championship?
All the top duel schools
will be represented
by their best and brightest,
including the Leo Institute!
But there will also be
incredible duelists
from across the globe!
(woman on loudspeaker)
First up, the Leo Institute
of Dueling!
Last year, Leo dominated
the championships
by winning
all three divisions.
(gasping)
That guy?
He's dueling
for Leo now?
You say you're willing
to duel me,
but only if I enter
the championship?
Correct.
That event will help us to
single out those duelists
who are the best
of the best
to join my fight
against Leo Akaba.
You're battling
your father?
He's also
our common enemy,
and I will stop at nothing
to take him down.
Okay,
wannabe champions,
time to slot your competition
datacards into your Duel Disks!
Now let's see
who I'm gonna duel first.
Sylvio?
My first opponent is...
Julia?
I duel tomorrow.
Against someone
from the Leo Institute.
Some guy named
Shay Obsidian.
Huh?
(Skip)
Attaboy, Frederick!
You just scored You Show's first
win of the championships!
(Yuya)
You were spectacular!
Aren't you next,
Allie?
Yeah!
It says my challenger
is from the Leo Institute.
♪
♪ Hey Hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
go ahead and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(excited chatter)
(Allie)
A few more shuffles for luck...
Perfect!
My deck is set and I'm ready
to rock the stadium!
It sounds like Allie's
raring to go!
Ja, she saw me
win my duel
faster than a sports car
racing down zee autobahn
und now
she's pumped!
Principal Boyle!
We're so excited to see our
little girl duel today!
(Skip)
I'm fired up as well!
Your Allie has spunk!
Wow, I just got a great
shot of a squirrel!
Put that thing down and
say hi to Allie's teacher.
Nah, just make sure you
get plenty of footage
of Allie's duel.
This might be the start
of something big!
With a win today, plus
her training at You Show,
I see Allie
blossoming
into one of the world's
most famous dueltainers,
So save
that video,
'cause someday
it could be playing
in the Dueling
Hall of Fame!
Well, Allie's
already number one
in our family
hall of fame!
Hey! Sweetie‐pie!
Over here!
Isn't she adorable?
Hi, sweetie.
Oh,
you're gorgeous.
Remember to smile!
Chill out.
(woman on speaker)
Now let's head back
to Duel Court 3,
where the tug‐of‐war
continuesin our Youth
Division!
It's especially exciting
since we have two new kids
on the court,
Allie and Riley,
who are both competing here
for the first time!
I'm curious to see how this
matchup unfolds.
Their dueling styles are a
complete mystery to us!
I've heard, however, that
Riley is highly regarded
by the staff
of the Leo Institute!
The Leo Institute?
All right, Allie, you can beat
that Leo kid, no sweat!
Slam the lid down
on L‐I‐D!
Is she the cutest warrior
you've ever seen or what?
Look at the fire in Allie's
eyes as she marches forward!
And Riley...
It'll be okay.
Feeling a bit nervous,
are we?
Mm.
Aww, poor Riley.
Must have stage fright.
Or the kid's afraid
of the competition.
Scared of Allie?
Seriously?
When Allie has a temper tantrum,
she can be very scary.
(Allie's dad)
Aw, but even her temper
tantrums are cute.
(Allie's mom)
She takes after
her mother that way.
(woman on speaker)
Um, Riley...
Are you ready to begin?
Do not disappoint me.
Riley, hon?
Can you hold
Beary?
Okay.
All right, ready
when you are, Riley!
Go, Allie, go!
(woman on speaker)
Now it's time to reveal the
Action Field for this duel.
It's the hot spot
known as Sun Valley!
What a glorious locale
for a duel!
Our two young contenders
couldn't have asked
for a more gorgeous field.
(computer voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
This is going to be the most
action‐packed duel ever!
Uh...
I'm ready to duel
when you are.
Awesome!
'Cause I can't wait
to wow this crowd!
(giggling)
I'm sure
you'll be great.
Thank you,
but a little enthusiasm
wouldn't hurt, you know?
Ready?
(both) Let's duel!
(computer voice)
Action cards dispersed.
I get
the first turn!
So to start things off,
I'm summoning a monster
who's pretty and pink!
Now, say hello
to the fintastic
Aquaactress Guppy!
Ohh...
My poor little Guppy!
The sun's way too harsh
for her delicate scales!
If only I had a way
to make her more comfortable...
Wait!
I've got just the thing!
Aquarium Stage will set
the scene perfectly
for my
Aquaactress!
She'll feel right
at home.
And she'll feel safe, too,
because she can now only be
destroyed by Water monsters,
and nothing else!
(water bubbling)
But I'm not done yet!
What's an aquarium without
some fun fishy furnishings?
The spell Aquarium Set
will give my Aquaactress
the backdrop she needs
to shine!
(exclaiming)
Aquaactresses
just love this set,
especially because it lifts up
their attack points by 600!
Am I right,
my aquatic ally?
All we need now is to shine
the spotlight on my Guppy,
so I'm activating
Aquarium Lighting!
When you need to show your
Aquaactress at her best,
this does the trick!
It's flattering and doubles her
attack points when she battles!
My Guppy will now showcase
her amazing talents
by attacking you
directly!
(bell rings)
(buzzing)
Error?
What did I do wrong?
(buzzing)
Error?
What did I do wrong?
Oh, Allie!
Since you went first,
there's something
you can't do, remember?
Oopsie!
I forgot
I can't attack yet!
Oh, she's even adorable
when she makes a mistake!
Oh, brother!
She made the rookie
boo‐boo that time.
It's okay, Allie!
You can always
attack next turn!
Stay in your zone!
(giggling)
You set yourself up
perfectly!
Stay calm
and duel on!
Okey‐doke, teach!
I'll put a card facedown
and end my turn!
Guess I'll go.
I draw.
I activate the spell card
Shutter Layer 1.
This card takes a snapshot
of your monster
and creates a copy
of that monster for me.
But if your monster leaves the
field, I lose my copy as well.
I must choose
a subject.
Your Aquaactress Guppy
suits my purpose.
Ah!
Yay!
My Guppy just got
an identical twin sister!
(groaning)
I wouldn't be so happy
if I was Allie.
Riley's got a monster
as powerful as hers.
Ja,
this is trouble!
Due to your Aquarium Set,
my Aquaactress Guppy
gains 600 attack points.
I'll end my turn
with a facedown.
It's your move.
Thank you, Riley!
Yippee!
Perfect!
This was one lucky draw,
'cause we get to have
a fab fish fiesta!
Time to make your entrance,
Aquaactress Tetra!
And just like her friend,
Aquaactress Guppy,
Aquarium Set gives Tetra
600 extra attack points!
At least she made
her fishies stronger.
But not strong enough for
Tetra to beat Riley's Guppy.
Looks like Allie's stuck
between a rock and a duel disk.
If Allie attacks
with her own Guppy,
both of their monsters'
attack points increase
because they're copies
of each other.
Great, and they'll both be
destroyed!
Time for plan B!
I'm gonna play
Go Fish!
So go, my fishy friend,
find me an Action Card!
Now where is that
Action Card hiding?
Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
Ooh, lookie lookie!
My Tetra
and I found it!
Now back
to battling!
Are you ready,
Guppy?
Get set for some
fin‐to‐fin combat!
Attack!
But before you strike,
I'm activating the Action Spell
Sunshine Smile!
But don't worry, these rays
won't dry out your scales,
but they will give you
an extra 400 attack points!
Great!
Allie found a way
to pump up her Guppy!
Good going,
Allie!
And my Aquarium Lighting will
make Guppy even stronger!
She has enough strength to
finish that fraud of a fish!
All right,
ready, Guppy!
Then spray away!
And now, Tetra will join the fun
by striking Riley directly!
Way to go!
That's my girl!
Hold that victory pose,
sweetie!
Amazing,
am I right?
We don't just crank out duelists
at the You Show School,
we crank out
winners!
For those of you
watching at home,
You Show is currently accepting
applicants for immediate entry!
Dad, save it!
Aww,
what a letdown.
That snapshot strategy
looked cool.
But Riley didn't
use it very well.
I hope everyone enjoyed
my Guppy's performance
as much as we enjoyed
presenting it to you!
I can promise there's even
more excitement to come,
but for now,
I'll end my turn.
Think I'll end
my turn here, too.
Later.
Hey,
where you going?
Duel's not over.
I wanna go check out
some of the other battles.
After all, somebody
from You Show
needs to scout out
our competition!
Sora, wait!
My turn.
I draw.
To begin, I will activate
Shutter Layer 2.
This spell card not only
drains all the color away
from your side
of the field...
it also drains
the power
that your spells gave
to your Aquaactresses.
Oh, no!
Now my fish will be
fried for sure!
Oh, no!
Our Aquarium needs
a new filter and quick!
Guppy!
Tetra!
What's wrong?
For my next move, I now activate
another copy of Shutter Layer 1.
There's two?
I will use
this spell
to take a snapshot
of your Aquaactress Guppy.
Aquarium Set increases my
Guppy's attack points by 600.
Wait!
How can Riley use
Allie's Aquarium Set
when it's been
turned off?
Riley didn't turn it off
completely...
Aquarium Set's
just turned off for Allie.
(moaning)
So my monsters can't get
stronger from my own spells,
but Riley's can?
Without those effects,
she's a sitting goose!
My Guppy will now
attack your Tetra.
Allie!
It's gonna be okay,
Hang in there!
Fight back!
You can still turn
the tables on that kid!
We believe in you!
Just keep smiling!
Hang tough!
It's cool you're down,
'cause now you can
make a huge comeback!
Don't you go
quitting!
They're right.
I may be down, but that doesn't
mean I'm out of this duel!
I'm a You Show
student!
And when the going gets tough,
the tough get dueling!
Watch out!
(giggles)
I'll tribute my lovely Guppy
to summon Aquaactress Arowana!
Since your Aquaactress Guppy
is no longer on the field,
my photographic copy
also vanishes.
That fish is a whale!
Perfect!
With one move,
Allie turned the tables
on that Leo kid
and now
Riley's minus a monster!
It's time!
Arowana, this is your cue
to strike at Riley directly!
Ja!
Allie's taking
control now!
Your attack won't work.
When you attack me
directly,
Instant Shutter quickly takes
a snapshot of your monster
and creates a copy
of that monster
and summons it
to my field.
And due to the effect
of your Aquarium Set,
my duplicate Arowana
gains 600 attack points.
I have a trap
of my own!
And it's called
Aqua Story Urashima!
I banish two Aquaactresses
to tell this tale!
Once upon a time,
a duelist was taken
to an underwater palace,
where he was given a box that
was to be kept closed,
but when he opened it,
smoke billowed out,
turning the young duelist old.
Urashima's effect turns your
fresh fish into an old maid,
lowering her attack points
to 100 permanently!
Now, this is your big moment,
Arowana!
Attack
with Bubble Burst!
That's the way
to come back, Allie!
Yeah!
I end my turn.
You're up!
It's my move then.
I draw.
(gasps)
I summon CC Critical Eye
to the field!
There goes the award
for freakiest monster!
I gots the goosepickles,
but the bad kind!
I'm now going to activate
the spell card Montage Fusion.
I will use the card's effect
to film your Arowana.
My recording of Arowana
can then be fused
with my CC Critical Eye.
Riley can
Fusion Summon?
Conqueror of all
underwater realms,
prepare to unleash your
destructive power!
I Fusion Summon!
Now beware...
For here comes the most fearful
armament of annihilation
ever seen
beneath the waves...
CCC Water Sword
of Battle!
Ready?
Then take out
her Aquaactress Arowana!
Auf wiedersehen, Arowana!
Allie will lose
a monster,
but it's not
a total disaster.
She has enough life points
to survive.
When my Sword of Battle
swoops in for the attack,
its special ability
takes effect.
It gains the attack points of
all the other water monsters
on this field!
Man, this Riley's really
sinking Allie's chances!
The kid's pulling
a double whammy!
Since Water Sword gains
Arowana's 2,000 attack points,
it now has enough
attack strength
to wipe out the rest
of Allie's life points.
And she can't stop it!
Oh! Aah!
(sigh of relief)
Don't worry,
folks!
Allie will bounce back
from this
quicker than a kangaroo
on a trampoline!
You okay?
I tried my hardest
to win.
Honest.
I'm really sorry.
I let you all
down.
Allie,
you didn't let us down.
We're proud of you!
Don't beat yourself up,
okay?
Keep fighting and before you
know it, you'll win.
Yuya oughta know!
Gong can't even add up all
the duels Yuya lost to me
before he finally lucked out
and beat Gong once or twice.
Whadya mean,
I lucked out?
You couldn't stop my slick
skills and you know it!
You just keep
thinking that, pal.
Oh, yeah?
Prove it!
Let's duel right now!
(all laughing)
And now...
It's time for our exclusive
interview
with the winner
of this afternoon's duel!
Riley,
you must be thrilled!
Uh...
Don't be shy!
Tell our viewers
about your monsters.
Great duel!
Your Fusion Summon
caught us all by surprise!
Riley?
You didn't disappoint.
Good job.
Thank you.
Losing any duel in the
tournament is bad enough,
but losing to Leo
is the worst.
Don't worry.
I'll even the score with them
and that's a promise.
I'm facing a Leo duelist
in the first round, too.
When I'm done with Julia,
she'll be 0‐for‐1!
You're a chip off
the old block, Zuzu!
I can't wait to start
the cheerleading!
Well, then we better head
over to the center duel court
for Zuzu's duel.
Hold up.
Where's Sora?
He took off.
I think he went to scope out
the other duels.
Or the snack bar.
Aw...
I didn't spot one duelist
in this whole tournament
who's as entertaining
as Yuya.
(signal ringing)
I wonder what Zuzu wants?
What's up?
Sora!
Hightail it to my duel
before it starts or else!
Sounds like somebody needs
a pre‐game pep talk!
A coach's work
is never done!
♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪